401
380
train:Strength
train:HP
end
35
35
pet
end
252
262
platinum helmet
platinum suit
end
250
262
end
263
269
train:HP
train:MP
train:Dodge
train:Double Attack
train:Triple Attack
train:Quadruple Attack
end
263
271
train:Strength
train:Spell Power
train:Stamina
train:Regeneration
train:Mana Regen
end
260
269
end
29
40
ale
sandwich
end
202
62
boat
end
107
150
ale
sandwich
end
110
141
ale
sandwich
end
80
135
end
82
135
end
82
137
end
12
41
dagger
long sword
crystal sword
Burn Blade
end
21
25
wooden dagger
cloth shirt
end
373
350
train:HP
burn blade
end
427
409
Demons Blood
end
83
23
ale
end
433
87
ale
end
458
75
train:Triple Attack
end
458
73
train:Quadruple Attack
end
462
75
train:Dodge
end
462
73
train:Double Attack
end
440
71
pickaxe
bronze shovel
end
472
83
cloth shirt
wooden dagger
newbie sword
newbie vest
end
473
95
generic sword
generic helmet
generic tunic
generic shield
end
433
209
Blade of Light
end
64
48
train:hells fire
end
44
218
end
18
43
leather helmet
leather shield
leather gloves
leather vest
leather pants
end
313
151
Blade of Light
Cutlas
end
6
43
steel helmet
steel suit
steel gloves
steel leggings
steel plate mail sleeves
end
27
42
train:clerical group
train:enchantment group
end
198
256
train:Spell Power
end
31
19
train:HP
train:MP
train:Strength
train:Spell Power
train:Stamina
train:Regeneration
train:Mana Regen
end
313
153
Force Field
end
291
153
ale
end
291
151
sandwich
end
284
152
pet
end
301
163
train:HP
train:Strength
train:Spell Power
train:Stamina
train:Regeneration
train:Mana Regen
end
124
70
train:black magic group
end
310
160
train:Spell Power
train:Regeneration
train:Mana Regen
train:enchantment group
train:clerical group
train:druidic group
end
133
138
train:Dodge
train:Double Attack
train:Triple Attack
end
133
142
train:druidic group
end
303
163
train:Dodge
train:Double Attack
train:Triple Attack
train:Quadruple Attack
end
18
36
train:druidic group
train:telepathy group
end
88
888
train:Dodge
train:Double Attack
train:Triple Attack
train:Quadruple Attack
end
88
800
train:Double Attack
train:Triple Attack
train:Quadruple Attack
train:Strength
end
90
801
end
526
5
Red Potion
Green Potion
Blue Potion
end
521
7
Daedulus Sword
end
519
7
Crystal Box
Bloody Book
Nova Package
end
514
7
train:summons group
train:alchemy group
train:black magic group
train:white magic group
end
693
136
train:m group
end
523
15
train:HP
train:MP
end
520
15
end
593
606
end
148
13
Soul Reaver
end
458
501
end
407
31
Thieves Dagger
end
106
36
Nova Package
Cutlas
end
984
974
train:Mana Tap
end
987
974
train:Armor Identification
end
990
974
train:Lock Picking
end
977
974
train:HP
end
989
980
train:Life Tap
end
994
958
end
993
938
end
518
8
Crystal Suit
Crystal Sleeves
Crystal Helmet
Crystal Leggings
Crystal Necklace
Crystal Belt
Crystal Lens
Crystal Gloves
end
189
127
Anarchy Blade
end
192
140
Anarchy Blade
end
38
938
train:archery
end
713
726
diamond suit
diamond helmet
diamond leggings
diamond gauntlets
diamond belt
diamond sleeves
diamond collar
diamond facemask
diamond sword
end
995
28
train:Regeneration
train:Mana Regen
train:Stamina
train:Spell Power
train:HP
train:MP
end
998
981
train:Spell Power
train:Stamina
train:Mana Regen
train:Regeneration
end
486
483
train:druidic group
end
1
701
train:white magic group
end
93
82
devilsblade
end
93
84
shifty war plate
end
159
902
Vortanic Blade
end
197
906
train:enchantment group
train:clerical group
train:black magic group
train:alchemy group
end
188
897
train:Dodge
train:Double Attack
train:Triple Attack
train:Quadruple Attack
end
189
898
train:Strength
train:Spell Power
train:Stamina
train:Regeneration
train:Mana Regen
end
187
898
train:HP
train:HP
train:MP
end
157
902
Vortan Suit
Vortan Helmet
end
131
882
Thieves Dagger
end
707
726
train:strength
train:spell power
train:stamina
train:regeneration
train:mana regen
train:dodge
train:double attack
train:triple attack
train:quadruple attack
end
